i'm jimmy i'm the host of this which is
what we call a show thanks for watching
thank you for joining us on a special
day
national doctor's day this is the day on
which we
honor the men and women who are really
the only strangers you feel comfortable
asking will you look at this lump on my
butt
and nobody's out banging pots and pans
for the doctors anymore
except for dr phil every night at around
midnight i drive by his house i bang on
a
but we should be we are hopefully coming
out of the covet tunnel
thanks to doctors thanks to scientists
every country
has had to fend for itself during this
thing which doesn't seem like the best
way
to handle a worldwide threat and so now
a number of
world leaders are signing what they call
a pandemic treaty that would put us in a
better position
to collaborate when this inevitably
happens again germany france england
they are all on board they say that if
humans want to survive
as a species we need to work together
instead of selfishly focusing on our own
individual countries in other words
we're doomed that will never
happen you know those movies where the
aliens show up
and all the nations join forces to fight
them up i think we've learned from covet
that if that does happen
we'll be like you guys should go conquer
switzerland
they have no weapons at all even their
cheese has holes in it
this is kind of unbelievable but also
par for the course there's a controversy
now
we now have controversies where we never
had them before over
the so-called vaccine passports that the
biden administration and private
industry
are working on so that we have a way to
prove that you got your shots for the
purposes
of travel or going to a concert sporting
event whatever if you have a vaccine
passport you will be able to do that
stuff but unfortunately
many republicans aren't on board with
that including ron desantis the terrible
governor of florida
you want to go to a movie theater should
you have to show that no you want to go
to a game do you
no i'm going to go to a theme park no so
we're not supportive of that right which
is very rich coming from the party
that wants nine forms of identification
before you can vote
but rhonda sanders isn't the only
dope who opposes the passport none other
than clan mom herself
marjorie taylor greene believes there
are
biblical implications they want you to
be required to have something called
a coveted passport and this this
would mandate your ability to be able to
travel
your ability to be able to go to events
your ability to be able to buy and sell
and i asked the question earlier today
is this something like
biden's mark of the beast because that
is really disturbing
and um not good but a good question real
good
poor joe biden how can you reach across
the aisle when the other side thinks you
have hooves
what a dumb person the mark of the beast
everyone knows the the mark of the beast
is zuckerberg that's the mark of the
but no the only thing worse than the
mark of the beast
is the marky mark of the beast but go on
marjorie
let's analyze that you see it's still
the same thing it's still fascism or
communism
whatever you want to call it fascism and
are literally opposite things it's it's
why germany and the soviet union fought
in world war ii but
they both have ism in them so you know
that they're bad things it's fascism
or communism or i don't astigmatism
all bad things there should be a test to
get into congress
you have to take a test to be able to
drive congress they just wave you right
through
over the past year it seems like every
company
made a commercial to remind us of how
much they care about this that they're
here for us
during these troubled times but as
businesses are starting to open back up
they're also starting
to change their tone a little bit in
these more certain times
as the world opens up and life gets back
to normal
menon wants you to know that we don't
think of you as family anymore
we have our own families so suck it up
you're on your own from now on
speed stick the honeymoon's over go
yourself
i guess it's back to secret for me
speaking of secrets donald trump
uh you remember him donald trump donald
trump
yesterday unveiled his new official
website
uh it's called 45 office.com
they had to pay godaddy five dollars to
get the domain name
of all the possible urls 45 office dot
is he launching a website or
a new version of microsoft word this
website
as you might guess is something else i
spent some time combing through it this
afternoon
he basically set up a fan page for
himself there are photos of don
palin around with dictators there's
areas spreading covet to babies
and there are a number of special offers
you can request a video
from donald or melania it says thank you
for your interest in receiving a
greeting
from donald j trump and melania trump
for your special occasion
please allow up to six weeks for
processing of your request
10 if your name is eric or don jr
due to the volume of requests president
mrs trump received we will not provide
status updates and then you scroll down
for a list of occasions
uh birthdays adult child birthday
veteran military retirement
wedding condolences
who's ordering a condolence video from
donald trump
your mother died oh it's too bad she was
a total disaster
he basically just launched his own
version of cameo
you can even book the former president
for parties and events
look at this thank you for your interest
in inviting donald j trump
to participate in your event then you
have to answer questions like
audience and notable invitees including
estimated number of attendees he wants
to know how big the crowd is
and if uh tvs hercules kevin sorbo will
be there i guess
in less than three months donald trump
has gone from president of the united
states
to bookable birthday clown meanwhile at
the white house
there was another another biting
incident yesterday do you hear about
this uh
the president's german shepherd major
is said to have nipped a national park
service employee on the south lawn of
the white house
this is a second person major bit this
month the last time
they sent him home to delaware but i
guess he didn't learn anything
biden himself has said major is a sweet
dog and that 85 percent of the people
at the white house love him because the
other 15
had their nuts in his teeth i guess but
i wonder how they're gonna handle this
you can't have a dog going around biting
people
i mean say what you will about donald
trump mike pence never been anybody
here in l.a movie theaters are
going to open up soon they will open
them to half capacity
but some people don't even go to the
movies anymore because some people
spent their lockdown doing this during
quarantine my husband built a video
rental store
in our basement he decided he needed a
project at the house to keep himself
busy
instead of refinishing our kitchen
cabinets he decided to build a video
rental store
and instead of getting divorced that man
his name is brian hogan and his wife
erin are joining us here tonight
from their video store in the basement
of their home in des moines iowa hi
brian and hi erin
thanks for being with us i guess my
first question is why
uh well mainly because uh
all the stores were closing and i wasn't
gonna be able to visit them anymore
and uh my daughter moved away from
college and i'm also just
an insane person yeah
you do you have wi-fi and you know about
netflix and that sort of thing right
absolutely it's just uh it's not the
same
it's not the same you love this stuff
you love like vhs tapes
what else do you have blu-rays dvds that
sort of thing
yeah laserdiscs all of it what is it
about them that
that is so appealing is it the fact that
you could hold them and touch them and
see them or what yeah i think it's
tangible you know i don't think uh
flipping through
thumbnails on uh you know streaming
services has the
as the exact appeal to me anyway aaron
you are a very tolerant person aren't
you
my kitchen cabinets still aren't
refinished jimmy so
you know maybe someday he'll get to that
project too
what was the basement before was it
empty
um no i mean it was full of movies just
very
you know unorganized it was our
step-daughter's bedroom
and we he converted it oh
that does she know what she's well i'm
sure she knows yeah that she's gonna be
like her new room is filled with troop
beverly hills or something like that
yeah she sleeps in the action section
now you do have an i watch the video you
do have an act will you show us around
the place
yeah absolutely there's an action
section
we didn't have an action section in our
basement but here you go look at this
we're entering comedy sorry lady
yeah so all of this right here
be our comedy section you get fantastic
things like
howard the duck oh yeah
[Applause]
that's a hard one where do you put that
one i mean that could also go in the
superhero section right
it could it could it's technically uh
technically a marvel film
uh-huh and you where did you get all
this
this this stuff this video store stuff
um i've been collecting movies for you
know 20 years or so like thrift stores
and all that but
the shelving i got because our local
video stores are closing
i see and now do you have customers at
your video store
uh not yet we're still you know we're
still
we're still keeping it closed okay all
right
um here's those here's a drama okay uh
michael douglas behind the candelabra oh
you're familiar with that one
yeah he was good in that
and you got i see you got almost famous
on the wall there you got oh you got
all sorts of little items yeah wow
you found a wife i mean i'm really
surprised
this is one of the most fun mental
breakdowns i've ever
seen
what's your policy on rewinding there at
the
uh i mean i definitely the kids are
definitely doing chores if they don't
rewind the tapes when they bring them
back down to the basement
oh yeah are there movies that you have
like a bunch of copies of like they'd
have a blockbuster when you go there and
there's something very popular
yeah i've cornered the market on forrest
gump i have at least 300 copies of it
oh 300
what why well it sounds like you need to
buy another house
why do you have 300 copies of forrest
gump
so you don't have to i see
i see do you have the 1987 sylvester
stallone
arm wrestling drama over the top i do
have over the top
do you know everyone you have uh i have
it
pretty well cataloged in my head but in
case i don't there's you know i have it
uh
i have it like in a spreadsheet aaron do
you and brian ever just stand there in
the store for 45 minutes
arguing over what you should watch like
like we used to in the old days
absolutely
we have very different taste in movies i
see okay and
is there an adult section yeah the adult
section is actually
right here oh behind behind the counter
so you have to
you have to ask for it i see
i'll slip it across the table in a brown
paper sack
and how strict are you when it comes to
late fees is that a thing there
late fees are incredibly high that might
be why we don't have any customers yet i
see
you have all the setup you got
everything boy that is something else
do people go nuts when they come down
there and you show them around
uh yeah i think i mean most people that
i know
already know that i'm crazy so uh-huh
okay
all right i got some here i want to show
you this too we just added this just for
you recently there's me
uh-huh oh i see
you've got my film library there oh i
have bad news for you
brian that movie like mike yeah you just
passed by
i got cut out of that i was not in i
yeah yeah they told me i was going to be
in it and then i shot it
and then i took my kids to see it and
they're like where were you dad
yeah you need to edit that imdb but i
will tell you that you're my favorite
batman
oh oh thank you very much i i take great
pleasure in being happy
all right well i feel like you're
missing one thing down there we have a
special gift for you guillermo's gonna
bring in an hour we're gonna send this
to you
in the video
a bunker machine and uh you can use it
to make popcorn and
hopefully it'll make it smell less like
a basement down there
absolutely thanks well thanks brian and
aaron i appreciate you showing us around
your basement
hi thanks for being with us guillermo
you're not supposed to eat their popcorn
that's theirs
sorry all right that's bryan and eric if
you like that video click
subscribe and we'll be together until
one of us dies